README.md, before:

# FlipperHTTP
An HTTP library for the Flipper Zero, compatible with the WiFi Developer Board, BW16, Raspberry Pi, PicoCalc and other ESP32 devices.

Star the repository and [follow me](https://www.github.com/jblanked) to stay updated on new releases and upcoming Flipper apps.

## Connect Online
- Discord: https://discord.gg/5aN9qwkEc6
- YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/@jblanked
- Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jblanked
- Other: https://www.jblanked.com/social/

## Video Tutorials
- Flashing FlipperHTTP (ESP Terminator): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d7ND0tIyBko
- Flashing FlipperHTTP (ESP Flasher): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CoyFrUzKHhI
- Flashing + Quick Review: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZFYki5xaCBU
- Talking Sasquatch (Review): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jYZkdz664Tg 
- Using FlipperHTTP apps: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xR1ZbpOVTwE

## Apps That Utilize FlipperHTTP
The following apps integrate FlipperHTTP to enhance their functionality:

- **FlipTelegram** - A Telegram client for the Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipTelegram](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipTelegram)
- **FlipperHTTP-App** - The newest FlipperHTTP companion app! Scan and connect to WiFi networks, sync credentials for all FlipperHTTP-enabled apps, and check your WiFi connect status with ease: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP-App](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP-App)
- **FlipMap** - A Flipper Zero app to find Flipper Zero Users: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipMap](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipMap)
- **Free Roam** - An open-world 3D multiplayer game: [https://github.com/jblanked/Free-Roam](https://github.com/jblanked/Free-Roam)
- **FlipSocial** - A social media platform for the Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipSocial](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipSocial)
- **FlipWiFi** - A FlipperHTTP companion app for captive portals, deauthentication attacks, and scanning WiFi networks on your Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWiFi](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWiFi)
- **FlipWorld** - An open-world 2D multiplayer game: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWorld](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWorld)
- **FlipDownloader** - A marketplace for downloading and managing apps and software on your Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipDownloader](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipDownloader)
- **FlipLibrary** - A Flipper Zero app with a dictionary, random facts, and more: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipLibrary](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipLibrary)
- **Web Crawler** - Allows your Flipper Zero to crawl and interact with websites directly: [https://github.com/jblanked/WebCrawler-FlipperZero](https://github.com/jblanked/WebCrawler-FlipperZero)
- **FlipWeather** - Uses WiFi to fetch GPS and weather information on your Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWeather](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWeather)
- **FlipTrader** - Uses WiFi to fetch stock and currency pair prices on your Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipTrader](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipTrader)

All applications are available for download at the following link: https://www.jblanked.com/flipper/download/ (or by clicking on the repository link above).

## Usage
FlipperHTTP can be utilized by developers in Flipper Zero apps and scripts written in C, JavaScript, and MicroPython. For details, visit: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Flipper%20Zero](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Flipper%20Zero)

## Issues
For common bugs and their solutions, see: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/blob/main/HELP.md](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/blob/main/HELP.md)

## Disclaimer
Please use this firmware responsibly. JBlanked and JBlanked, LLC disclaim all liability for any misuse of this firmware. You are solely responsible for your actions.


## Installation
The FlipperHTTP firmware supports eight boards. Instructions for each board can be found below:

- **WiFi Developer Board:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/WiFi%20Developer%20Board%20(ESP32S2)](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/WiFi%20Developer%20Board%20(ESP32S2))
- **Video Game Module:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Video%20Game%20Module](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Video%20Game%20Module)
- **Raspberry Pi Pico W:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Pico%20W](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Pico%20W)
- **Raspberry Pi Pico 2 W:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Pico%202%20W](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Pico%202%20W)
- **Raspberry Pi Zero 2 W:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Zero%202%20W](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Zero%202%20W)
- **ESP32-S3:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-S3](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-S3)
- **ESP32-C3:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C3](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C3)
- **ESP32-C5:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C5](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C5)
- **ESP32-C6:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C6](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C6)
- **ESP32-Cam:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-Cam](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-Cam)
- **ESP32-WROOM:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-WROOM](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-WROOM)
- **ESP32-WROVER:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-WROVER](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-WROVER)
- **BW16:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/BW16](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/BW16)


## Wiring
WiFi Developer Board -> Flipper
- TX (Pin 14) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX (Pin 13) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- 3v3 (Pin 9) -> 3v3
- GND (Pin 11) -> GND

PicoCalc -> Flipper
- TX (GPIO 4 - Pin 6) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 5 - Pin 7) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- GND -> Pin 11 (GND)

ESP32 -> Flipper
- TX -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX -> Pin 13 (TX)
- 3v3 -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND -> Pin 11 (GND)

ESP32-Cam -> Flipper
- TX -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX -> Pin 13 (TX)
- VCC -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND (Do NOT use GND/R) -> Pin 11 (GND)

Raspberry Pi Pico W/Pico 2 W -> Flipper
- TX (GPIO 0 - Pin 1) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 1 - Pin 2) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- 3v3 (VSYS - Pin 39) -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND (Pin 38) -> Pin 11 (GND)
- SWCLK (left debug pin) -> Pin 10 (SWC) - This is optional 
- SWDIO (right debug pin) -> Pin 12 (SIO) - This is optional

Raspberry Pi Zero 2 W -> Flipper
- TX (GPIO 14 - Pin 8) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 15 - Pin 10) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- GND (Pin 6) -> Pin 11 (GND)
- Do NOT connect 3v3 or 5v (power via USB cable instead)

ESP32-C3 -> Flipper
- TX (GPIO 21 - Pin 6) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 20 - Pin 7) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- 3v3 -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND -> Pin 11 (GND)

BW16 -> Flipper
- SERIAL1_TX (PB1 - Pin 4) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- SERIAL1_RX (PB2 - Pin 5) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- 3v3 -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND -> Pin 11 (GND)

## Video Game Module Wiring
How to make a custom attachment for the VGM: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNwOJzZCplc

WiFi Developer Board -> Video Game Module
- TX (Pin 14) -> Pin 21 (RX)
- RX (Pin 13) -> Pin 24 (TX)
- 3v3 (Pin 9) -> 3v3
- GND (Pin 11) -> GND

ESP32 -> Video Game Module
- TX -> Pin 21 (RX)
- RX -> Pin 24 (TX)
- 3v3 -> 3v3
- GND -> GND

Raspberry Pi Pico W/Pico 2 W -> Video Game Module
- TX (GPIO 0 - Pin 1) -> Pin 21 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 1 - Pin 2) -> Pin 24 (TX)
- 3v3 (VSYS - Pin 39) -> 3v3
- GND (Pin 38) -> GND

Raspberry Pi Zero 2 W -> Video Game Module
- TX (GPIO 14 - Pin 8) -> Pin 21 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 15 - Pin 10) -> Pin 24 (TX)
- GND (Pin 6) -> Pin 11 (GND)
- Do NOT connect 3v3 or 5v (power via USB cable instead)

ESP32-C3 -> Flipper
- TX (GPIO 21 - Pin 6) -> Pin 21 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 20 - Pin 7) -> Pin 24 (TX)
- 3v3 -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND -> Pin 11 (GND)

Commit message:

add and use tutorials document

README.md, after:

# FlipperHTTP
An HTTP library for the Flipper Zero, compatible with the WiFi Developer Board, BW16, Raspberry Pi, PicoCalc and other ESP32 devices.

Star the repository and [follow me](https://www.github.com/jblanked) to stay updated on new releases and upcoming Flipper apps.

## Connect Online
- Discord: https://discord.gg/5aN9qwkEc6
- YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/@jblanked
- Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/jblanked
- Other: https://www.jblanked.com/social/

## Video Tutorials
- JBlanked Flipper Zero Playlist: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLSRet1BCVgXgSxLgfUyLb-uEdHLNwspYa
- A collection of video tutorials for FlipperHTTP and related projects: https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Tutorials.md

## Apps That Utilize FlipperHTTP
The following apps integrate FlipperHTTP to enhance their functionality:

- **FlipTelegram** - A Telegram client for the Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipTelegram](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipTelegram)
- **FlipperHTTP-App** - The newest FlipperHTTP companion app! Scan and connect to WiFi networks, sync credentials for all FlipperHTTP-enabled apps, and check your WiFi connect status with ease: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP-App](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP-App)
- **FlipMap** - A Flipper Zero app to find Flipper Zero Users: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipMap](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipMap)
- **Free Roam** - An open-world 3D multiplayer game: [https://github.com/jblanked/Free-Roam](https://github.com/jblanked/Free-Roam)
- **FlipSocial** - A social media platform for the Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipSocial](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipSocial)
- **FlipWiFi** - A FlipperHTTP companion app for captive portals, deauthentication attacks, and scanning WiFi networks on your Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWiFi](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWiFi)
- **FlipWorld** - An open-world 2D multiplayer game: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWorld](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWorld)
- **FlipDownloader** - A marketplace for downloading and managing apps and software on your Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipDownloader](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipDownloader)
- **FlipLibrary** - A Flipper Zero app with a dictionary, random facts, and more: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipLibrary](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipLibrary)
- **Web Crawler** - Allows your Flipper Zero to crawl and interact with websites directly: [https://github.com/jblanked/WebCrawler-FlipperZero](https://github.com/jblanked/WebCrawler-FlipperZero)
- **FlipWeather** - Uses WiFi to fetch GPS and weather information on your Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWeather](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipWeather)
- **FlipTrader** - Uses WiFi to fetch stock and currency pair prices on your Flipper Zero: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipTrader](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipTrader)

All applications are available for download at the following link: https://www.jblanked.com/flipper/download/ (or by clicking on the repository link above).

## Usage
FlipperHTTP can be utilized by developers in Flipper Zero apps and scripts written in C, JavaScript, and MicroPython. For details, visit: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Flipper%20Zero](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Flipper%20Zero)

## Issues
For common bugs and their solutions, see: [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/blob/main/HELP.md](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/blob/main/HELP.md)

## Disclaimer
Please use this firmware responsibly. JBlanked and JBlanked, LLC disclaim all liability for any misuse of this firmware. You are solely responsible for your actions.


## Installation
The FlipperHTTP firmware supports eight boards. Instructions for each board can be found below:

- **WiFi Developer Board:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/WiFi%20Developer%20Board%20(ESP32S2)](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/WiFi%20Developer%20Board%20(ESP32S2))
- **Video Game Module:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Video%20Game%20Module](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Video%20Game%20Module)
- **Raspberry Pi Pico W:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Pico%20W](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Pico%20W)
- **Raspberry Pi Pico 2 W:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Pico%202%20W](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Pico%202%20W)
- **Raspberry Pi Zero 2 W:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Zero%202%20W](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Raspberry%20Pi%20Zero%202%20W)
- **ESP32-S3:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-S3](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-S3)
- **ESP32-C3:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C3](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C3)
- **ESP32-C5:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C5](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C5)
- **ESP32-C6:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C6](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-C6)
- **ESP32-Cam:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-Cam](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-Cam)
- **ESP32-WROOM:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-WROOM](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-WROOM)
- **ESP32-WROVER:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-WROVER](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/ESP32-WROVER)
- **BW16:** [https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/BW16](https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/BW16)


## Wiring
WiFi Developer Board -> Flipper
- TX (Pin 14) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX (Pin 13) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- 3v3 (Pin 9) -> 3v3
- GND (Pin 11) -> GND

PicoCalc -> Flipper
- TX (GPIO 4 - Pin 6) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 5 - Pin 7) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- GND -> Pin 11 (GND)

ESP32 -> Flipper
- TX -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX -> Pin 13 (TX)
- 3v3 -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND -> Pin 11 (GND)

ESP32-Cam -> Flipper
- TX -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX -> Pin 13 (TX)
- VCC -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND (Do NOT use GND/R) -> Pin 11 (GND)

Raspberry Pi Pico W/Pico 2 W -> Flipper
- TX (GPIO 0 - Pin 1) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 1 - Pin 2) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- 3v3 (VSYS - Pin 39) -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND (Pin 38) -> Pin 11 (GND)
- SWCLK (left debug pin) -> Pin 10 (SWC) - This is optional 
- SWDIO (right debug pin) -> Pin 12 (SIO) - This is optional

Raspberry Pi Zero 2 W -> Flipper
- TX (GPIO 14 - Pin 8) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 15 - Pin 10) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- GND (Pin 6) -> Pin 11 (GND)
- Do NOT connect 3v3 or 5v (power via USB cable instead)

ESP32-C3 -> Flipper
- TX (GPIO 21 - Pin 6) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 20 - Pin 7) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- 3v3 -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND -> Pin 11 (GND)

BW16 -> Flipper
- SERIAL1_TX (PB1 - Pin 4) -> Pin 14 (RX)
- SERIAL1_RX (PB2 - Pin 5) -> Pin 13 (TX)
- 3v3 -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND -> Pin 11 (GND)

## Video Game Module Wiring
How to make a custom attachment for the VGM: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iNwOJzZCplc

WiFi Developer Board -> Video Game Module
- TX (Pin 14) -> Pin 21 (RX)
- RX (Pin 13) -> Pin 24 (TX)
- 3v3 (Pin 9) -> 3v3
- GND (Pin 11) -> GND

ESP32 -> Video Game Module
- TX -> Pin 21 (RX)
- RX -> Pin 24 (TX)
- 3v3 -> 3v3
- GND -> GND

Raspberry Pi Pico W/Pico 2 W -> Video Game Module
- TX (GPIO 0 - Pin 1) -> Pin 21 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 1 - Pin 2) -> Pin 24 (TX)
- 3v3 (VSYS - Pin 39) -> 3v3
- GND (Pin 38) -> GND

Raspberry Pi Zero 2 W -> Video Game Module
- TX (GPIO 14 - Pin 8) -> Pin 21 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 15 - Pin 10) -> Pin 24 (TX)
- GND (Pin 6) -> Pin 11 (GND)
- Do NOT connect 3v3 or 5v (power via USB cable instead)

ESP32-C3 -> Flipper
- TX (GPIO 21 - Pin 6) -> Pin 21 (RX)
- RX (GPIO 20 - Pin 7) -> Pin 24 (TX)
- 3v3 -> Pin 9 (3v3)
- GND -> Pin 11 (GND)
