Raspberry Pi Pico 2 W/MicroPython/README.md, before:

## Raspberry Pi Pico 2 W Installation (MicroPython)

There are two installation methods. Choose whichever is the most convenient for you. The first method only works if you have the complete wiring, including the optional pins.

### Method 1
1. Install the Video Game Module Tool app on your Flipper Zero from the Apps catalog: [Video Game Module Tool](https://lab.flipper.net/apps/video_game_module_tool).
2. Download the `flipper_http_pico_2w_micro_python.uf2` file.
3. Disconnect your Raspberry Pi Pico W from your Flipper and connect your Flipper to your computer.
4. Open qFlipper.
5. Click on the `File manager`.
6. Navigate to `SD Card/apps_data/pico/`. If the folder doesn’t exist, create it yourself. Inside that folder, create a folder called `FlipperHTTP`.
7. Drag the `flipper_http_pico_2w_micro_python.uf2` file you downloaded earlier into the directory.
8. Disconnect your Flipper from your computer, then turn off your Flipper.
9. Connect your Raspberry Pi Pico W to the Flipper, then turn on your Flipper.
10. Open the Video Game Module Tool app on your Flipper. It should be located in the `Apps->GPIO` folder from the main menu.
11. In the Video Game Module Tool app, select `Install Firmware from File`, then `apps_data`.
12. Scroll down and click on the `pico` folder, then `FlipperHTTP`, and then `flipper_http_pico_2w_micro_python.uf2`.
13. The app will begin flashing the firmware to your Raspberry Pi Pico W. Wait until the process is complete.

### Method 2
1. Download the `flipper_http_pico_2w_micro_python.uf2` file.
2. Press and hold the `BOOT` button on your Raspberry Pi Pico W for 2 seconds.
3. While holding the `BOOT` button, connect the Raspberry Pi Pico W to your computer using a USB cable.
4. Drag and drop the downloaded file onto the device. It will automatically reboot and begin running the FlipperHTTP firmware.

You're all set! When you reboot your Pico 2 W, it will run the FlipperHTTP Flash. Here's a video tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdzKDCjbZ4k

Commit message:

add and use tutorials document

Raspberry Pi Pico 2 W/MicroPython/README.md, after:

## Raspberry Pi Pico 2 W Installation (MicroPython)

There are two installation methods. Choose whichever is the most convenient for you. The first method only works if you have the complete wiring, including the optional pins.

### Method 1
1. Install the Video Game Module Tool app on your Flipper Zero from the Apps catalog: [Video Game Module Tool](https://lab.flipper.net/apps/video_game_module_tool).
2. Download the `flipper_http_pico_2w_micro_python.uf2` file.
3. Disconnect your Raspberry Pi Pico W from your Flipper and connect your Flipper to your computer.
4. Open qFlipper.
5. Click on the `File manager`.
6. Navigate to `SD Card/apps_data/pico/`. If the folder doesn’t exist, create it yourself. Inside that folder, create a folder called `FlipperHTTP`.
7. Drag the `flipper_http_pico_2w_micro_python.uf2` file you downloaded earlier into the directory.
8. Disconnect your Flipper from your computer, then turn off your Flipper.
9. Connect your Raspberry Pi Pico W to the Flipper, then turn on your Flipper.
10. Open the Video Game Module Tool app on your Flipper. It should be located in the `Apps->GPIO` folder from the main menu.
11. In the Video Game Module Tool app, select `Install Firmware from File`, then `apps_data`.
12. Scroll down and click on the `pico` folder, then `FlipperHTTP`, and then `flipper_http_pico_2w_micro_python.uf2`.
13. The app will begin flashing the firmware to your Raspberry Pi Pico W. Wait until the process is complete.

### Method 2
1. Download the `flipper_http_pico_2w_micro_python.uf2` file.
2. Press and hold the `BOOT` button on your Raspberry Pi Pico W for 2 seconds.
3. While holding the `BOOT` button, connect the Raspberry Pi Pico W to your computer using a USB cable.
4. Drag and drop the downloaded file onto the device. It will automatically reboot and begin running the FlipperHTTP firmware.

You're all set! When you reboot your Pico 2 W, it will run the FlipperHTTP Flash. Check out these video tutorials if you need help: https://github.com/jblanked/FlipperHTTP/tree/main/Tutorials.md
